Welcome to this module, the best things always come at the end.
In this module I want to dive into an exciting piece of technology with you, we'll dive into graphql,
an alternative to building a restful API that you would use in the same scenarios,
so when you have a decoupled frontend and backend, you will not render views with a graphql API too but
it provides some significant advantages over rest
APIs, at least in certain scenarios.
So in this module, we'll explore what graphql actually is and how it compares to rest APIs and
you will learn how to use graphql of course, we'll actually take our existing project and turn it into
a graphql API or use a graphql API.
A very exciting technology,
I'm super excited to get started with it,
so let's dive in.